Add release notes for 2022.10.1 (#1523)
nebari-dev/nebari: README.md

- [Ongoing Support](#ongoing-support)
- [License](#license)

**⚠️ Warning ⚠️**

> > The project has recently been renamed from QHub to Nebari. If your deployment is is still managed by `qhub`, performing an inplace upgrade will **IRREVOCABLY BREAK** your deployment. This will cause you to lose any data stored on the platform, including but not limited to, NFS (filesystem) data, conda-store environments, Keycloak users and groups, etc. Please [backup](https://docs.qhub.dev/en/latest/source/admin_guide/backup.html) your data before attempting an upgrade.

Reviewer: We should move the backup docs to the nebari-docs instead

> > The project has recently been renamed from QHub to Nebari. If your deployment is is still managed by `qhub`, performing an inplace upgrade will **IRREVOCABLY BREAK** your deployment. This will cause you to lose any data stored on the platform, including but not limited to, NFS (filesystem) data, conda-store environments, Keycloak users and groups, etc. Please [backup](https://docs.qhub.dev/en/latest/source/admin_guide/backup.html) your data before attempting an upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The project has recently been renamed from QHub to Nebari. If your deployment is is still managed by `qhub`, performing an inplace upgrade will **IRREVOCABLY BREAK** your deployment. This will cause you to lose any data stored on the platform, including but not limited to, NFS (filesystem) data, conda-store environments, Keycloak users and groups, etc. Please [backup](https://www.nebari.dev/docs/how-tos/manual-backup) your data before attempting an upgrade.
```
